[AIRFLOW-6065] Add Stackdriver Task Handler (#6660)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/howto/write-logs.rst

are only sent to remote storage once a task is complete (including failure); In other words, remote logs for
running tasks are unavailable (but local logs are available).

.. _write-logs-advanced:

Advanced configuration
''''''''''''''''''''''

Not all configuration options are available from the ``airflow.cfg`` file. Some configuration options require
that the logging config class be overwritten. This can be done by ``logging_config_class`` option
in ``airflow.cfg`` file. This option should specify the import path indicating to a configuration compatible with

> :class:`logging.config.dictConfig`. If your file is not importable, then you should set a  :any:``PYTHONPATH`` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:class:`logging.config.dictConfig`. If your file is not in a standard import location, then you should set a  :any:``PYTHONPATH``
environment. Airflow adds the ``config/`` folder inside ``AIRFLOW_HOME`` to the import path for this purpose.
```

Follow the steps below to enable custom logging config class:

#. Start by setting environment variable to known directory e.g. ``~/airflow/``

    .. code-block:: ini

        export PYTHON_PATH=~/airflow/

#. Create a directory to store the config file e.g. ``~/airflow/config``

> #. Create empty files called ``~/airflow/config/log_config.py`` and ``~/airflow/config/__init__.py``.

Reviewer: I don't think the `__init__` is needed here, as ~/airflow/config is already in the python path so can be imported as `log_config`

Author: Right. In Python 2.7 this was required.

> #. Copy the contents of ``airflow/config_templates/airflow_local_settings.py`` into the ``log_config.py`` file created in ``Step 3``.

Reviewer: We've had problems in the past with the default config  changing and people's installs breaking.

I think we should instead recommend people do this as

```python
form copy import deepcopy
from airflow.config_templates.airflow_local_settings import DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG

LOGGING_CONFIG = deepcopy(DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG)

# Update LOGGING_CONFIG as needed.
```

Author: I updated the description

#. Rename ``DEFAULT_LOGGING_CONFIG`` variable into ``LOGGING_CONFIG``.
#. Update ``$AIRFLOW_HOME/airflow.cfg`` to contain:

    .. code-block:: ini

>         remote_logging = True

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        [core]
        remote_logging = True
```

Author: Added

Reviewer 2: Btw. shouldn't we move this option to [logging] section?

Author: Done

Follow the steps below to enable Stackdriver logging:

To enable this feature, ``airflow.cfg`` must be configured as in this
example:

.. code-block:: ini

    [core]
    # Airflow can store logs remotely in AWS S3, Google Cloud Storage or Elastic Search.
    # Users must supply an Airflow connection id that provides access to the storage
    # location. If remote_logging is set to true, see UPDATING.md for additional
    # configuration requirements.
    remote_logging = True
    remote_base_log_folder = stackdriver://logs-name
    remote_log_conn_id = custom-conn-id

All configuration options are in the ``[core]`` section.

The value of field ``remote_logging`` must always be set to ``True`` for this feature to work.
Turning this option off will result in data not being sent to Stackdriver.
The ``remote_base_log_folder`` option option contains the URL that specifies the type of handler to be used.
For integration with Stackdriver, this option should start with ``stackdriver:///``.
The path section of the URL specifies the name of the log e.g. ``stackdriver://airflow-tasks`` writes
logs under the name ``airflow-tasks``.

> By using the ``logging_config_class`` option you can get advanced features of this handler.

Reviewer 3: It's not clear how to replace logging_config_class using remote_base_log_folder. It should be possible to specify the  class via ? parameter I think.

Author: I updated the description. Now we have section about ``logging_config_class``.
